Question 1
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Using a subquery, find the names of all the tracks for the album "Californication".

SELECT a.title AS AlbumTitle
	,t.name AS TrackName
FROM albums a
INNER JOIN tracks t ON a.albumid = t.albumid
WHERE a.title = "Californication"


Question 2
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Find the total number of invoices for each customer along with the customer's full name, city and email.

SELECT c.firstname
	,c.lastname
	,c.city
	,c.email
	,count(i.invoiceid)
FROM customers c
INNER JOIN invoices i ON c.customerid = i.customerid
GROUP BY c.customerid


Question 3
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Retrieve the track name, album, artistID, and trackID for all the albums.

SELECT a.artistid ArtistId
	,a.title AlbumTitle
	,t.name TrackName
	,t.trackid TrackId
FROM albums a
INNER JOIN tracks t ON a.albumid = t.albumid
WHERE AlbumTitle = "For Those About To Rock We Salute You"
ORDER BY t.trackid


Question 4
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Retrieve a list with the managers last name, and the last name of the employees who report to him or her.

SELECT a.lastname EmployeeLast
	,a.reportsto
	,b.lastname ManagerLast
FROM employees a
INNER JOIN employees b ON a.reportsto = b.employeeid
WHERE ManagerLast = "Mitchell"


Question 5
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Find the name and ID of the artists who do not have albums. 

SELECT a.name
	,b.albumid
FROM artists a
LEFT JOIN albums b ON a.artistid = b.artistid
WHERE b.artistid IS NULL


Question 6
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Use a UNION to create a list of all the employee's and customer's first names and last names ordered by the last name in descending order.

SELECT firstname
	,lastname
FROM employees

UNION

SELECT firstname
	,lastname
FROM customers
ORDER BY lastname DESC


Question 7
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
See if there are any customers who have a different city listed in their billing city versus their customer city.

SELECT c.city
	,i.billingcity
FROM customers c
INNER JOIN invoices i ON c.customerid = i.customerid
WHERE c.city <> i.billingcity
