Question 1
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Pull a list of customer ids with the customer’s full name, and address, along with combining their city and country together. Be sure to make a space in between these two and make it UPPER CASE. (e.g. LOS ANGELES USA)

SELECT customerid
	,firstname
	,lastname
	,address
	,upper(city || ' ' || country)
FROM customers


Question 2
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Create a new employee user id by combining the first 4 letters of the employee’s first name with the first 2 letters of the employee’s last name. Make the new field lower case and pull each individual step to show your work.

SELECT firstname
	,substr(firstname, 1, 4) First4
	,lastname
	,substr(lastname, 1, 2) Last2
	,First4 || Last2 Combine
	,lower(Combine) NewId
FROM employees


Question 3
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Show a list of employees who have worked for the company for 15 or more years using the current date function. Sort by lastname ascending.

SELECT DATE ('now') - DATE (hiredate) years_of_service
	,*
FROM employees
WHERE years_of_service > 15
ORDER BY lastname ASC


Question 4
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Profiling the Customers table, answer the following question.
Are there any columns with null values? Indicate any below. Select all that apply.

SELECT data*
FROM customers
ORDER BY data

*data is based on the choices


Question 5
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Find the cities with the most customers and rank in descending order.

SELECT city
	,count(customerid) customercount
FROM customers
GROUP BY city
ORDER BY customercount DESC


Question 6
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Create a new customer invoice id by combining a customer’s invoice id with their first and last name while ordering your query in the following order: firstname, lastname, and invoiceID.

SELECT c.firstname
	,c.lastname
	,i.invoiceid
	,(c.firstname || c.lastname || invoiceid) NewInvoiceId
FROM customers c
INNER JOIN invoices i ON c.customerid = i.customerid
WHERE firstname = 'Astrid'
